# Black Belt - Wireless Deployment - STAGE 2 QUIZ


## 1. Under what option can you enable Application Telemetry on Catalyst Center?

* ***Provision > Telemetry > Enable Application Telemetry***
* Inventory > Provision > Telemetry > Enable Application Telemetry
* Device > Provision > Telemetry > Enable Application Telemetry
* All the Above


## 2. What are the various parameters for an application that can be measured using Application Telemetry on Catalyst Center? Select 4 options

* ***Client Network Latency***
* ***Server Network Latency***
* Behavior Metrics
* ***Throughput***
* Location Analytics
* ***Packet Loss***


## 3. Which of the following packet capture gives insight into the client's live onboarding and RF details?

* Full Packet Capture
* OTA Sniffer
* ***Onboarding Packet Capture***
* None of the above


## 4. Which of the following configurations are required to enable Client Analytics?

* Configuration > Wireless > Wireless Global
* ***Configuration > Tags & Profiles > WLAN > Select WLAN > Advanced***
* Configuration > Tags & Profiles > Policy > Select Policy Profile
* All the above


## 5. What are the available options under Cisco AI Network Analytics in the Catalyst Center Dashboard? Select 3 options

* ***Network Comparison***
* Rogue & aWIPs
* ***Baselines***
* PoE
* ***Trends and Insights***
* Sensors


## 6. During the deployment of wireless assurance, what is the first step in configuring Cisco Catalyst Center?

* Defining Network Policies
* ***Adding Devices to the inventory***
* Generating client performance reports
* Configuring port security


## 7. Which protocol is commonly used for telemetry in Cisco Wireless Assurance deployment?

* Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP)
* Network Time Protocol (NTP)
* ***Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP)***
* Border Gateway Protocol (BGP)


## 8. What is the primary purpose of the Cisco Wireless Config Analyzr tool?

* To simulate wireless coverage in a physical environment
* To monitor real-time client traffic on the wireless network
* To manage software updates for Cisco Access Points
* ***To analyze and provide recommendations on wireless controller configurations***


## 9. What is the benefit of using directional antennas in high-density deployments?

* To increase the range of the Access Point
* To enable roaming between different floors
* To eliminate the need for site surveys
* ***To reduce channel interference and better focus RF coverage***


## 10. Which of the following are true about the Cisco C-ANT9104 antenna? Select 3 options

* It is a omnidirectional antenna
* ***It is designed for use with Cisco Catalyst 9100 Series Access Points***
* ***It enhances RF coverage in high-density environments like stadiums and arenas***
* ***It supports 2.4 GHz, 5 GHz, and 6 GHz bands (Wi-Fi 6E)***


## 11. Which of the following are the key features and benefits of Cisco AI-Enhanced RRM? Select 2 options

* ***Anomaly detection in RF conditions***
* Real-time spectrum analysis using external tools
* Fixed static RF profiles based on templates
* ***Enhanced client experience in dynamic environments***


## 12. Which of the following is a limitation when migrating maps using PDMT? Select 2 options

* ***Not having GPOS or Civic location on buildings and floors***
* ***Maps with "&" in their names are blocked***
* Catalyst Center can sync maps from Cisco Spaces
* Catalyst Center supports multi level hierarchy


## 13. Where is the Cisco PDART tool typically installed?

* On-premises only, on the customer's network
* In cloud environment managed by Cisco
* ***On a partner's or administrator's device for readiness assesments***
* Directly on Cisco Catalyst switches


## 14. What does pruning the AP list in a wireless network typically achieve?

* Disables unused Access Points permanently
* Increases the power level of all APs
* Automatically reboots all Access Points in the network
* ***Limits insights to the important radios***


## 15. How does an SGT (Security Group Tag) get assigned to a user or device?

* Automatically by the switch based on IP address
* Manually assigned by the network admiistrator
* ***Dynamically assigned by Cisco ISE during authentication***
* It is hardcoded into the device firmware


## 16. Which of the following is a key component of Cisco ISE in enabling secure network access?

* ***TrustSec policy enforcement***
* NAT traversal for endpoint devices
* Dynammic routing protocols
* None of the above


## 17. Which of the following are antenna obstructing objects during installation of an outdoor wireless Access Point?

* Trees
* Metal objects
* Connecting cables
* ***All the above***


## 18. What type of data does the Wireless Debug Analyzer primarily work with?

* Syslog messages generated by access points
* Packet captures from wired interfaces
* ***Debug logs captured from Wireless LAN Controllers (WLCs) and Access Points***
* SNMP traps from wireless clients


## 19. What is recommended maximum site to site VPN tunnel count on Meraki MX250?

* ***1000***
* 1500
* 2000
* 3000


## 20. Where is Layer 3 Roaming enables on Cisco Meraki Dashboard?

* Wireless > Monitor > Access Points
* ***Wireless > Configure > Access Control***
* Switching > Configure > VLAN
* None of the above



## Assesment Result - 1300/1450 points (90%) - required 1160 points (80%) for approvation

* **`Wireless Assurance`** - Total questions 7 - **450/600 (75%)**
* **`WCA`** - Total questions 1 - **50/50 (100%)**
* **`Wireless Design`** - Total questions 3    - **300/300 (100%)**
* **`Prime Migration`** - Total questions 2 - **150/150 (100%)**
* **`All in Cisco Wireless`** - Total questions 1 - **50/50 (100%)**
* **`Wireless design`** - Total questions 2 - **100/100 (100%)**
* **`Outdoor AP`** - Total questions 1 - **50/50 (100%)**
* **`Tools`** - Total questions 1 - **50/50 (100%)**
* **`Meraki MX`** - Total questions 2 - **100/100 (100%)**